- [Instructor] Earlier we saw
that you can not only look up entities
but also create, update and delete them
with HTTP POST, PUT, PATCH and DELETE.
But I do not think that we want to allow the public
to modify our database in this way.
There are two annotations to accomplish this.
@RespositoryRestResource
is used to control access at the class level
and @RestResource is used to control access
at the method level.
We can also use @RestRepositoryResource
to overfly the default endpoint name.
In this example, we set TourPackage's endpoint
to a different name which is lowercase p packages.
So let's go to our code and make these changes.
First, we're in TourPackageRepository.
And what I need to do is override any methods provided
by CrudRepository that would modify a TourPackage.
So I'm going to use my IDE to help me generate
and override those methods.
So I'm going to select the save methods.
And the delete methods.
And now, I'm going to annotate them
with RestResource exported equals false.
Okay, now let's do the same in TourRepository.
And restrict their access from the outside world.
Another way to do this is my using Spring security
but that's beyond the scope of this course
so this is just something within Spring Data REST
that you can do this.
Now let's go back to our PackageRepository
and we want to rename the endpoint
from the default that's generated.
So we use the @RepositoryRestResource.
And we set the collectionsResourceRel equal to packages.
And the path equal to packages.
Okay, everything's good there and compiles.
Let's run this.
And the application's started.
Now let's use Postman to do a GET on packages, lowercase p.
And that works like a champ.
Let's drill down into California Calm.
You notice even the embedded href links
have the package's name.
Make sure we can do a GET on California Calm with packages
and now let's test out trying to delete California Calm.
I will make one little side note
that you couldn't do this anyway
because of referential integrity error
but we want to have a better status code returned here
than a data conflict.
So we have a security code response
that's Method Not Allowed
which is what we wanted.